hey how you doing hey how you do it
hey how you doing
I'm good you're new here right yes I
work the night shift my name is Park
well it's very nice meeting you part
what it's nice to meet you
sorry I have to practice what to say hey
how you doing
I watch people and I imitate if you
watch people well
I study them yeah well I guess you have
a lot of people to watch at the hotel
miss me too
[Music]
we have a dead woman here and I think
Bart knows something about we found your
fingerprints all over the room this is a
fragile boy and you need to understand
that look I know you got issues are you
hiding something that's what I really
believe barn I drove home I mean I
watched I watched TV a very smart guy
and yet what you're saying to me doesn't
make sense you know you can tell me
anything honey he has kind of an odd way
about it but you know that doesn't mean
he did anything does it oh god oh god oh
god it's okay it's okay it's okay it's
okay Bart what did you do what did you
do what did you do Bart what did you do
[Music]
you